PEN: https://codepen.io/asherkobin/pen/xxxXEXv

1. What is Semantic HTML?

	Semantic HTML elements provide meaning.  The tag name themselves have meaning.
    
2. What is HTML used for?

	To describe content for web browsers

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

	Additional information for an HTML tag.  It goes after the opening tag name.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

	It is the largest header element in terms of font size.  There is no limit, but probably just once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes

	IMG LINK

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

	Title

7. What is an id? 

	A unique identifier for an HTML element

8. What elements can I add an id to?

	All

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

	Once

10. What is a class?

	An attribute of an element that tells what style to apply

11. What elements can I add a class to?

	All, except if the element doesn't display anything then nothing will change

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

	Infinite

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

	target="_blank" attribute

14. What is the alt attribute used for?

	Text readers for images and descriptive text when the image cannot load

15. How do I reference an id?

	#

16. What is the difference between a section and a div

	section is a semantic tag, div is not

17. What is CSS used for?

	Describes the presentation of a document.  It doesn't have any content.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

	h2

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

	A class applies a style on any number of elements.  An applies a style to a unique.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?

	.className

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

	p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

	space (to apply a style only to elements of a certain parent)

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

	div a.sidebar

24. What is a pseudo selector?

	It is used to apply a style when an element is in a particular state

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

	line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

	letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

	text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

	border: dotted 1px black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 

	*

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

	/* comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

	pwd (directory?)

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

	ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

	rm (deletion is unrecoverable)

34. Why should I use version control?

	To see the history of changes to a file.  To revert back to an older version.

35. How often should I commit to github?

	early and often

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

	git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

	add -> commit -> push

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

	block elements start on a new line, inline will work within a line

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?

	the coordinates are specifically set

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

	add or omit the CSS width property
	
4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

	div, p, h1 : span, b : none (you have to specify the style display: inline-block)

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

	The box model gives each possible way to modify spacing in and around an element.  box-sizing: box-border;
